Updating ubuntu section (#1662)
pyansys/pymapdl: doc/source/getting_started/running_mapdl.rst

    :width: 400pt

> If you prefer, you can use Docker to avoid having to install MAPDL
> locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to avoid having to install MAPDL locally, you can use Docker.
```

> This is specially convenient if you are using a non-supported platform such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially convenient if you are using a non-supported platform such
```

Author: This one is always a mess for me.

> as MacOS.
> Visit :ref:`pymapdl_docker` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as MacOS. For more information, see :ref:`pymapdl_docker` .
```

Author: I don't think it makes a difference when we render.

> You can also try the Student Version of Ansys products in
> `Ansys Student Versions <ansys_student_version_>`_.
> The Student Version is valid during a calendar year with limited capabilities,
> such as on the number of nodes and elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download and try `Ansys Student Versions <ansys_student_version_>`_.
A Student Version is valid during a calendar year with limited capabilities. For
example, there is a limit on the number of nodes and elements.
```

> If you experience problems installing MAPDL on Linux, visit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience problems installing MAPDL on Linux, see
```

Note that you must have started MAPDL in gRPC mode on the computer with
the mentioned IP address/hostname for this to work.

If you have MAPDL installed on your local host, you

> can use the ``launch_mapdl`` method to both start and connect to MAPDL.

Reviewer: I believe you wanted me to flag occurrences where the function directive wasn't used so that it was a link to the API reference topic.

Author: You are right. Well done.

> can use the ``launch_mapdl`` method to both start and connect to MAPDL.

Author: ```suggestion
can use the :func:`launch_mapdl() <ansys.mapdl.core.launch_mapdl>` method to both start and connect to MAPDL.
```

If you have any problem launching PyMAPDL, see :ref:`debugging_launch_mapdl`

Connect to a dockerized MAPDL session
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you work with Docker, for example using the
> `docker-compose.yml <pymapdl_docker_compose_base_>`_ file provided in the
> directory `docker <pymapdl_docker_dir_>`_, then you need to connect to the
> MAPDL instance running on the docker container as if it was a remote MAPDL
> instance. However, because of the ports are exposed to the host (``ports`` field
> in `docker-compose.yml <pymapdl_docker_compose_base_>`_ file) you can connect
> to it without specifying the IP address of the Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you work with Docker, for example you use the
`docker-compose.yml <pymapdl_docker_compose_base_>`_ file provided in the
directory `docker <pymapdl_docker_dir_>`_, then you must connect to the
MAPDL instance running on the Docker container as if it was a remote MAPDL
instance. However, because the ports are exposed to the host via the ``ports`` field
in the `docker-compose.yml <pymapdl_docker_compose_base_>`_ file, you can connect
to this MAPDL instance without specifying the IP address of the Docker container.
```

If you are using the local configuration specified in 
`docker-compose.local.yml <pymapdl_docker_compose_local_>`_ , then,
after attaching your VSCode instance, you can work with MAPDL as it is local, meaning 

> you can launch MAPDL instances using `launch_mapdl <pymapdl_launch_mapdl_>`_.

Author: Yep. Totally right.
